Kurt, wow, you are a real person.
You know, I think you should cool it a little bit
before you blow your chances at that promotion, right?
How do you know about that?
Kurt don't listen to him.
Ever since he got back, he's been spewing nonsense
like he was losing his mind.
Well, that makes sense.
My reputation for seeing to me,
even to someone like him,
everybody knows I'm the top candidate
for the position in the finance department.
And Philip, the source has told me a lot about you.
Apparently you're a nobody.
Ever since Caroline married you,
I haven't been able to make her happy.
You know, you don't seem like the first person
that's happy themselves.
Let me tell you what happened.
I don't need to tell her.
Natalie, I'm not either.
You don't deserve Caroline.
And you do?
Enough, Philip.
You don't want to cross Kurt.
Not even in his league.
Exactly, Cornell gets it.
You're not in my league.
If you've had any sense, you would leave Caroline
and take care of her.
Kurt, it's Christmas.
I think you should all get along here, right?
Or, I can kick your fucking ass.
You're gonna whoop my ass.
You're a joke to me.
I could crush you with one finger.
You said I'm a bitch, slap me.
I'm just sorry.
You know, I think it was just like,
your face just like did something to me.
You know what?
I think we should just get along from Ellen, don't you?
Philip, did you just hit him?